color 255 255 120 0 0 0
txt Imported some kind of magical fantasy thing!
txt You've just disembarked a ship and are at the Port of Arrienera.
    txtc 1 Taking a look around, the scenery is quite nice. A boardwalk running to parallel is host to a modicum of shops and coffeehouses.
txt You check your bags to see if anything has been stolen. You have:
    txtc 1 90 Arrien coins, some wizard's robes, your travel documents, and some jerky for the road.
txt You were told to find the Jellen Company by nightfall when you arrived, but you're not entirely certain where it is.
    txtc 1 You try looking around for signs, but nothing is particularly helpful.
menu
    option signs Continue to look for signs
    option passerby Ask a passing local NOT IMPLEMENTED
endmenu

lbl signs
txt You look around for signs, more intently this time.
txt By the cargo inspection booth is a map mounted on a large board.
    txtc 1 Someone else is standing in front of the board.
menu
    option mapTalk Talk with the person in front of the map PARTIALLY IMPLEMENTED
    option mapLook Ignore them and look at the map
endmenu

lbl mapLook
flag lookedMap
txt You look at the map.
    txtc 1 You see a logo you recognize, but aren't sure if this is the place.
    txtc 2 Looking at the rest of the map, there's nothing of much interest.
menu
    option goLogo Go to the place marked by the logo
    option mapTalk Ask the person next to you if they know PARTIALLY IMPLEMENTED
endmenu

lbl mapTalk
txt You ask if they know where you might find the Jellen Co. offices.
    if lookedMap txtc 1 They're a bit taken by surprise after you suddenly spoke.
dlg ???: Their offices? I've just come here, so I don't know.
    txtc 1 They give a nervous chuckle.
dlg ???: For what it's worth, I'm getting a job interview with them today at the coffeehouse over there where I was told to meet.
dlg ???: If you want to tag along, I guess I can't exactly stop you.
txt You decide that this will lead you in the right direction more than the indeterminate logo on the map.
txt The inside of the coffeehouse are a few people, but it's not great in number. Oil lamps on each table light the room.
    txtc 1 A barista behind the counter is stacking cups idly. The coffeehouse must not be getting too many customers.
menu
    option getCoffee Get some coffee
    option followCoffee Continue following
endmenu

lbl getCoffee
txt You get

txt THIS TREE NOT IMPLEMENTED FURTHER
stop

lbl goLogo
txt You try to go to find Jellen Co. by following the marked location on the map and get through the streets without much trouble.
    txtc 1 Street merchants sometimes try and sell you things you don't want to buy, but they weren't too much of a hinderance.
    txtc 2 Finally, you arrive at a building with nothing but the logo you saw on it.
txt You try and head into the building, but a guard stops you.
dlg Guard: Hey now stranger, you can't just be bargin' in here like that! Where's your ID?
txt You ruffle around your bag for your travel documents and take out your ID for the guard.
    txtc 1 He looks at your ID card and frowns.
dlg Guard: Look sonny, I'm afraid I don't recognize your ID. You a new hire or somethin'?
txt You're not entirely certain if you are a new hire. You were just told to find Jellen Co.
menu
    option lieHire Yeah, I'm a new hire
    option notHire Sorry, I must have the wrong place
endmenu

lbl lieHire
txt You claim that you are a new hire, and the guard furrows his brow.
dlg Guard: Alright sonny, I'm gonna have to go check that with the higher-ups. You just sit tight, I'm calling the office.
txt He gives you back your ID card and disappears into the building.
    txtc 1 He takes a while, but finally returns with another guard who has a large book in his hand.
dlg Other Guard: Sorry for the wait, let's get this over with. You ID, if you please?
txt You show him your ID, and he ruffles through the worn pages of the big book while mumbling to himself.
dlg Ohter Guard: I'm afraid you're not in the records. I can't let you in.
txt He holds out your ID card for you to take.
    txtc 1 After you take your card back, he says a few words to the first guard and disappears into the building.
txt You're not sure what to do, so you return to the docks as nightfall approaches.
    txtc 1 You didn't meet your objective in time.
    txtc 2 - BAD END
stop

lbl notHire
txt You decide that this must be the wrong place and head back to the docks disappointed.
    txtc 1 It is late in the evening, but there is still time until nightfall.
txt Many shops are closing for the day, but there are still a few places with their lights on.
    txtc 1 Some late-night dock workers are filing into a tavern by the boardwalk.
    txtc 2 In the corner of your eye, the person looking at the map from earlier is walking into a coffeehouse.
menu
    option goTavern Go into the tavern NOT IMPLEMENTED
    option follow Follow the stranger from before NOT IMPLEMENTED
endmenu
